story recapped here today i'm going to show you
a drama horror sci-fi film called circle spoilers
ahead watch out and take care a group of strangers
finds themselves in a dark chamber standing in
a circle at the center they see a sphere the
group seems composed of a random mix of age race
sex gender professions and beliefs they're all
confused having no idea where they are or why
they're there they soon discover that touching
another person or stepping off their designated
spot will get them killed instantly they hear
an ominous humming that sounds like a countdown
and when it stops a person gets zapped by the
sphere at the center and dies they soon realize
that they are being forced to vote on who gets to
die their theories range everything from an alien
invasion to a secret government project or even
the biblical apocalypse they discover that they
can use their hands to vote and that nobody in the
group can see who everybody is voting for to stop
the process they first try voting for a woman
who's already dead but it ends with one person
getting killed by random next they try to vote for
themselves but that also ends with a random person
getting killed one person a relatively young
college kid suggests voting for older people first
this he rationalizes is for them not to waste
their time deciding who dies next so they can
figure a way to stop or get out an older man says
he has every right to live like all of them but
nobody listens so they vote for him and he dies
the group tries to figure out how they got there
and one man tells the group he remembers being
stuck in a traffic jam to leave the city he says
people then started getting out of their cars and
running and then he recalls being pulled up and
sucked into the sky he remembers waking up inside
some sort of ship and seeing a large number of
bodies piled up three more older people get voted
off and they soon have to decide who dies next
the college kid suggests killing a 50 year old
woman but is met by a protest by the whole group
they reckon that without logic they'd soon get
to people who are 40 then 30. the college kid
stands as ground and gets zapped next a soldier
suggests talking about themselves to find clues
why this is happening a lady with a hat agrees
saying maybe they weren't selected at random
and that maybe there's a reason for all this
a lady beth begins by sharing things about her
she tells the group where she grew up where
she went to school her job and her family
unfortunately she still gets voted out and dies
they then decide not to reveal names to keep the
process less personal another guy craig speaks
and introduces the woman next to him as his wife
they then try to figure out who's related
in the group and a black man and black woman
tell everyone they knew each other but one in the
group figured they were probably having an affair
another older person dies and they continue a
middle-aged mexican man talks next but he can't
speak english some members think he should go
next as he can't contribute to the discussion
and waste time a woman steps in and says she can
translate a man wearing a tie and suspender says
it's a waste of time and even points out that the
mexican might even be an illegal immigrant but
the rest of the group thinks it doesn't matter
he continues by saying the mexican man probably
stole jobs from americans and keeps rambling
about how immigration is destroying the industry
the asian woman dies next a police officer speaks
and says he recognizes the tattooed man he tells
the group that the tattooed man was charged with
domestic abuse for beating up his girlfriend
the tattooed man denies this at first but later
admits he then adds that he also remembers the cop
for shooting his friend when they were teenagers
the cop retorts back saying they were criminals
the tattooed man then says his girlfriend
deserved the beating and gets voted out and dies
a blonde woman then suggests maybe they have
to figure out who is good and evil in the group
one of the members points out they can't do it as
the world is filled with grey not just black and
white the blonde woman maintains that maybe they
had to kill off certain bad people for all of this
to stop a black person suggests sarcastically
that they should perhaps kill black people next
the rest of the group disagrees saying they don't
want to bring race into the argument but the black
man says race is always considered the man wearing
a tie says he's just saying it so that they won't
vote for him but he argues that the race card
won't help an asian man speaks up saying he's
not counting how many asians are in the group
and says being black won't help him in the circle
the black man retorts telling them being black has
never helped him anywhere anyway the cop speaks up
saying he's been sick of black people constantly
going on about struggling more than everyone
else and saying they want things handed to them
everybody sees his prejudiced views and votes him
out they then attempt to force a tie voting for
the person to their right forcing all of them to
have one vote each and it still doesn't work one
person still dies at random one guy sees a man
voting for a pregnant woman and the vote ends up
being a tie between the pregnant girl and the man
and the man dies a guy later confesses that he saw
the man voting for the pregnant girl and he voted
him out he deduces that he probably voted for the
pregnant girl because the group would eventually
end up having to decide the last remaining person
alive could potentially be between the pregnant
woman and a little girl the group sees this and
some of them argue that they should kill the
little girl and the pregnant woman to eliminate
the need for them to be the last people alive
claiming they'll have an equal chance if they
eliminate both of them others think that the
pregnant woman and little girl should be the
last people to survive and decide to protect them
they then end up staring at the soldier he gets
angry telling everyone he spent years risking
his life to keep everyone safe a woman volunteers
to die next and a minister tries to comfort her
saying god is watching over her a man wearing
black calls him out saying god doesn't exist
because if he does this shouldn't be happening
and calls everyone idiots for believing in god
he then ties with a woman but it's the woman who
gets voted out the man in black then proceeds to
tell everyone that the blonde woman is a porn star
shaming her they then vote him out quickly they
then consider people with children and families
the man wearing a tie quiz a woman and she tells
him she has a wife the man then asks the group
if a lesbian is worth dying for clearly trying
to signal that homosexuals have no place in the
world the woman then asks him if he thinks she's
the only homosexual in the group the man then gets
voted out they then bring up the choice of who
would survive between the pregnant woman and the
little girl a man in glasses says that some people
contribute more to society and that their decision
should be based on that the translator woman dies
next and one of them points out that the mexican
should die next as there's no one to translate
a man then suggests that they should team up
against the others who want to kill off a pregnant
woman and little girl the group split in two and
one side wants to kill the girl and pregnant woman
so they all have an equal chance of survival and
the other side wants the pregnant woman or child
to be the last one alive a tie happens and the guy
in glasses who thinks they should eliminate the
pregnant woman and kid dies they continue arguing
about who they should let survive but most of them
maintain their decisions the one armed guy then
dies next thinking they're losing the soldier
who says they should protect the girl and the
pregnant woman decides for their side to vote for
the husband so the wife changes sides it works and
the wife and husband switch voting for the black
guy the bearded long-haired man then questions
the truthfulness of the couple being married
citing the impossibility of chance they quiz them
and they end up admitting they aren't married
the husband tells everyone to vote for the phony
wife but he dies instead the long-haired man who
wants to kill the kid and pregnant woman then
goes around talking to everyone getting them on
his side again but a five-way tie happens between
the alleged actress lesbian soldier a lady with
a hat and a long-haired man the long-haired
man miraculously wins the tie after another
man sacrifices himself refusing to vote and only
six remain they decide to tie the phony wife and
the kid but a middle-aged man doesn't vote and the
phony wife dies they realize that the middle-aged
man has never voted a single time the long-haired
man is determined to kill the middle-aged man but
he doesn't notice the other man signaling the
pregnant woman to vote for the long-haired man
the long-haired man realizes it but it's too
late and he dies the remaining are left with no
choice but to vote for the middle-aged man three
people a guy the pregnant woman and a little girl
remain they then contemplate the implications
and why they are being put through all of this
the guy theorizes that the aliens probably want
to learn about humanity and our morals and ethics
the guy then says that somebody will have to
step off their spot once he dies and that the
two remaining girls will decide the little girl
volunteers to sacrifice herself for the baby
he tells the little girl katie that
they'll both step off the platform together
as katie steps off the guy quickly moves
his hand and votes the pregnant girl out
the girls die and the guy remains he sees the
baby still consider the baby inside the pregnant
woman as part of the decision and he doesn't
hesitate to vote for the baby the guy awakens
outside and sees a group of random people who are
probably also survivors of their circles he joins
them and they all stare off at a distance where
they see a giant flying disc lifting into the sky
subscribe to watch more videos
like this turn on notifications
and leave a like it really helps the
channel out thank you for watching